webrtc issue highlighted (#28)
ungoogled-software/ungoogled-chromium-wiki: faq.md

Navigate to `chrome://flags/#cast-media-route-provider` and set the flag to Enabled. Then relaunch the browser as the page indicates.

> ## Why is my WebRTC applications is having issues?
> WebRTC can leak your actual IP address even when using a VPN. Ungoogled Chromium keep it off by default, but it can affect some web application to function. To change it-

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## How do I fix WebRTC?
WebRTC can leak your actual IP address even when using a VPN. In ungoogled-chromium WebRTC is limited by default, which can affect some web applications. This could be changed as follows:
```
